In this lecture we will learn about how we can format text using HCM So there are many ways that we
can control the display and format of text and age to you now.
In this lecture we will look at how we can align text to be left aligned right aligned and centered
on our Web page then we will look at how we can add new lines cross out highlights and underline text
to our web pages first.
We will add the following line of text to our Web page.
We can add a style tag that uses the text align style attribute to specify if the text should be left
aligned centered or right aligned.
Here the text value will be left aligned.
Since we are setting the text align attribute to a value of left let's run this code in the web browser
to see what it looks like.
We will go back to the editor and look at another example.
We can also set the text align attribute to a value of center to center the text on the web page to
see this change.
Let's go back to the web browser and run the code.
Let's jump back to the editor.
We can set the text align attribute to a value of right to write a line the text on our Web page.
We will then run this code in the browser.
Let's go back to the editor.
As you know the B.R. tag is what allows us to specify where we want our new lines in each DML.
We can also add multiple back to back breaks and our textarea extra new lines when we go back to the
browser and run this code.
We will see that there are two blank lines between each of our lines of text.
Let's go back to the editor to add a cross out to a line of text.
We can use the Del tag.
Let's jump over to the web browser and see the result of the code we just typed.
This will show the $20 text crossed out.
Now we can go back to the editor.
We can also highlight text on a web page by using the mark tag we will surround the $20 text in an opening
and closing Mark tag to highlight it.
When we jump to the web browser and run our code you will see the change.
You will notice that the $20 is now highlighted.
Since we surrounded it in an opening and closing marked Hegg Let's go back to the editor and look at
another example to add underlined text in a past version of HVM.
Other than HTL 5 you could use the tag.
However since we are using HVM L5 you can use the INS tag ins stands for inserted text which most browsers
treat is underlined.
So if we want to underline a portion of our text we could do it like this.
We will surround the $20 text with an opening.
I N.S. tag and a closing ins tag we can go back to the web browser and run our code to see the result.
And there we have it.
More ways to format text in each email in the next lecture.
We will learn how we can add hyperlinks to our Web page and each to your mail using the anchor tag.